1, What is Emmets?
A, Emmet is plugin for many popular text editors, which greatly improve our
   html, css workflow

2, Difference between Library and Framework?
A, Library :- Library is a collection of predefined function or classes or any other 
   properties which help us to do only a specific task.

   Framework :- Framework is a collection of Libraries, Which allows us to build full fledged
   application, for building this app it provide some set of rules, we have to follow those.

3, What is CDN, why we use it?
A, CDN stands for Content Delivery Network,
   The primary purpose of a content delivery network (CDN) is to reduce latency,
   or reduce the delay in communication created by a network's design. 
   Because of the global and complex nature of the internet, communication traffic 
   between websites (servers) and their users (clients) has to move over large physical 
   distances. The communication is also two-way, with requests going from the 
   client to the server and responses coming back.

   Reduce page load time
   Website traffic can decrease if your page load times are too slow. A CDN can reduce bounce rates and 
   increase the time users spend on your site.

4, why is react known as react?
A, React is a popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces. It was created 
   by Facebook in 2011 and released as an open-source project in 2013.
   The library was originally called "React" because it was designed to be reactive to 
   changes in a web page's underlying data. Instead of manipulating the DOM directly, 
   which can be slow and error-prone, React uses a virtual DOM to represent the current 
   state of a web page's UI. When the underlying data changes, React re-renders 
   the virtual DOM and efficiently updates only the parts of the real DOM that need 
   to change, resulting in faster and more efficient updates to the UI.

   The name "React" also reflects the library's philosophy of building UI components 
   as isolated, reusable units that react to changes in their input data. This approach 
   makes it easier to reason about complex UIs and makes it possible to build large-scale 
   applications that are easy to maintain and extend.

5, what is cross origin in script tag?
A  The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
   Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. 
   Here is where CORS comes in.

   A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images,
   fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

6, what is difference between react and reactDOM?
A, React is a JavaScript library for building User Interfaces and ReactDOM is 
   the JavaScript library that allows React to interact with the DOM.

